samples: rtc: add a generic RTC sample (#79078)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/drivers/rtc/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: rtc

>    :name: Real-Time Clock (RTC) sample

Reviewer: "sample" is redundant

```suggestion
   :name: Real-Time Clock (RTC)
```

Author: done!

   :relevant-api: rtc_interface

>    Reads date and time from the Real-Time Clock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Set and read the date/time from a Real-Time Clock.
```

Author: done!
